README.md, before:

#  WRAPP


    

## 1. What is it ?!
A generic swiss knife wanna be bash / perl centric application wrapper for quicky packaging and deploying your tools, create new tools out of your existing ones , generating code for additonal functions, search and replace in both file paths and contents ... and all the rest not mentioned actions in the src/bash/wrapp/tests/all-wrapp-tests.lst file ...

    

## 2. INSTALLATION AND CONFIGURATION
The wrapp instances and clones have been running on *Nix boxes with bash &gt; 3.0 … , but some actions require 4.0 and older …
Cygwin has been tested also … 

    

### 2.1. Prerequisites
The must have binaries are:
 bash, perl, zip

The nice to have are:
 tmux, vim ,ctags

The examples are for Ubuntu - use you OS package manager …

    apt-get autoclean
    apt-get install --only-upgrade bash
    
    sudo apt-get install -y perl
    
    # optionally 
    sudo apt-get install -y excuberant-ctags
    sudo apt-get install -y 7z
    
    apt-get upgrade

### 2.2. Fetch the source
Fetch the source from git hub as follows:

    # create your product dir:
    mkdir -p /opt/csitea/wrapp
    cd /opt/csitea/wrapp/
    
    # fetch the source
    git clone git@github.com:YordanGeorgiev/wrapp.git

### 2.3. Build the first wrapp instance
When doing for first time do exactly as shown bellow, otherwise no joy ... 
Each wrapp instance has it's own version, environmnt type and owner. For now just follow the instruction - after half an hour you will be hacking this … 

    
    # build your product version dir - a kind of "this instance of the thingy dir"
    mv -v /opt/csitea/wrapp/wrapp /opt/csitea/wrapp/wrapp.1.1.5.dev.ysg
    

### 2.4. Create you local cnf file
The default cnf file provides only limited functionality ( this is by design ) , thus copy and cnfigure the cnfiguration file for your host

    # go to the product version dir
    cd /opt/csitea/wrapp/wrapp /opt/csitea/wrapp/wrapp.1.1.5.dev.ysg
    
    mv -v src/bash/wrapp/wrapp.set-your-host.cnf src/bash/wrapp/wrapp.`hostname -s`.cnf

### 2.5. Start hacking
Start hacking … or wait check at least the test call running all the functions of the tool … 

    # opionally if you are in the vim camp open the "project relative files list file"
    vim met/.dev.wrapp
    
    # Ctrl + Z , 
    bash src/bash/wrapp/test-wrapp.sh 
    
    # now clone your own instance
    bash src/bash/wrapp/wrapp.sh -a to-app=my-tool

Commit message:

table of contents to readme  ...

README.md, after:

#  WRAPP


Table of Contents

  * [1. WHAT IS IT ?!](#1-what-is-it-)
  * [2. INSTALLATION AND CONFIGURATION](#2-installation-and-configuration)
    * [2.1. Prerequisites](#21-prerequisites)
    * [2.2. Fetch the source](#22-fetch-the-source)
    * [2.3. Build the first wrapp instance](#23-build-the-first-wrapp-instance)
    * [2.4. Create you local conf file](#24-create-you-local-conf-file)
    * [2.5. Start hacking](#25-start-hacking)


    

## 1. What is it ?!
A generic swiss knife wanna be bash / perl centric application wrapper for quicky packaging and deploying your tools, create new tools out of your existing ones , generating code for additonal functions, search and replace in both file paths and contents ... and all the rest not mentioned actions in the [sfw/bash/wrapp/tests](sfw/bash/wrapp/tests/all-wrapp-tests.lst) file ...

    

## 2. INSTALLATION AND CONFIGURATION
The wrapp instances and clones have been running on *Nix boxes with bash &gt; 3.0 … , but some actions require 4.0 and older …
Cygwin has been tested also … 

    

### 2.1. Prerequisites
The must have binaries are:
 bash, perl, zip

The nice to have are:
 tmux, vim ,ctags

The examples are for Ubuntu - use you OS package manager …

    apt-get autoclean
    apt-get install --only-upgrade bash
    
    sudo apt-get install -y perl
    
    # optionally 
    sudo apt-get install -y excuberant-ctags
    sudo apt-get install -y 7z
    
    apt-get upgrade

### 2.2. Fetch the source
Fetch the source from git hub as follows:

    # create your product dir:
    mkdir -p /opt/csitea/wrapp
    cd /opt/csitea/wrapp/
    
    # fetch the source
    git clone git@github.com:YordanGeorgiev/wrapp.git

### 2.3. Build the first wrapp instance
When doing for first time do exactly as shown bellow, otherwise no joy ... 
Each wrapp instance has it's own version, environmnt type and owner. For now just follow the instruction - after half an hour you will be hacking this … 

    
    # build your product version dir - a kind of "this instance of the thingy dir"
    mv -v /opt/csitea/wrapp/wrapp /opt/csitea/wrapp/wrapp.1.1.5.dev.ysg
    

### 2.4. Create you local conf file
The default conf file provides only limited functionality ( this is by design ) , thus copy and configure the configuration file for your host

    # go to the product version dir
    cd /opt/csitea/wrapp/wrapp /opt/csitea/wrapp/wrapp.1.1.5.dev.ysg
    
    mv -v sfw/bash/wrapp/wrapp.set-your-host.conf sfw/bash/wrapp/wrapp.`hostname -s`.conf

### 2.5. Start hacking
Start hacking … or wait check at least the test call running all the functions of the tool … 

    # opionally if you are in the vim camp open the "project relative files list file"
    vim meta/.dev.wrapp
    
    # Ctrl + Z , 
    bash sfw/bash/wrapp/test-wrapp.sh 
    
    # now clone your own instance
    bash sfw/bash/wrapp/wrapp.sh -a to-app=my-tool
